I'm back and I'm ringin' the I'm back and I'm ringin' the bell 
A rockin' on the mike wbell 
A rockin' on the mike while the fly girls yell 
In ehile the fly girls yell 
In ecstasy in the back of me 
Welcstasy in the back of me 
Well that's my DJ Deshay cuttin'l that's my DJ Deshay cuttin' all them Z's 
Hittin' hard a all them Z's 
Hittin' hard and the girlies goin' crazy 
Vnd the girlies goin' crazy 
Vanilla's on the mike, man I'manilla's on the mike, man I'm not lazy. 

I'm lettin' my d not lazy. 

I'm lettin' my drug kick in 
It controls my mrug kick in 
It controls my mouth and I begin 
To just letouth and I begin 
To just let it flow, let my concepts go  it flow, let my concepts go 
My posse's to the side yelli
My posse's to the side yellin', Go Vanilla Go! 

Smooth 'n', Go Vanilla Go! 

Smooth 'cause that's the way I will bcause that's the way I will be 
And if you don't give a dae 
And if you don't give a damn, then 
Why you starin' at mn, then 
Why you starin' at me 
So get off 'cause I contrme 
So get off 'cause I control the stage 
There's no dissol the stage 
There's no dissin' allowed 
I'm in my own phin' allowed 
I'm in my own phase 
The girlies sa y they loase 
The girlies sa y they love me and that is ok 
And I cve me and that is ok 
And I can dance better than any kid an dance better than any kid n' play 

Stage 2 -- Yea the n' play 

Stage 2 -- Yea the one ya' wanna listen to 
It'sone ya' wanna listen to 
It's off my head so let the beat  off my head so let the beat play through 
So I can funk iplay through 
So I can funk it up and make it sound good 
t up and make it sound good 
1-2-3 Yo -- Knock on some woo1-2-3 Yo -- Knock on some wood 
For good luck, I like my rd 
For good luck, I like my rhymes atrocious 
Supercalafrahymes atrocious 
Supercalafragilisticexpialidocious 
I'm agilisticexpialidocious 
I'm an effect and that you can betn effect and that you can bet 
I can take a fly girl and m 
I can take a fly girl and make her wet. 

I'm like Samsoake her wet. 

I'm like Samson -- Samson to Delilah 
Theren -- Samson to Delilah 
There's no denyin', You can try to's no denyin', You can try to hang 
But you'll keep tryin' hang 
But you'll keep tryin' to get my style 
Over and ov to get my style 
Over and over, practice makes perfect 
Ber, practice makes perfect 
But not if you're a loafer. 

ut not if you're a loafer. 

You'll get nowhere, no place,You'll get nowhere, no place, no time, no girls 
Soon -- O no time, no girls 
Soon -- Oh my God, homebody, you probah my God, homebody, you probably eat 
Spaghetti with a spobly eat 
Spaghetti with a spoon! Come on and say it! 

VIPon! Come on and say it! 

VIP. Vanilla Ice yep, yep, I'm c. Vanilla Ice yep, yep, I'm comin' hard like a rhino 
Intoomin' hard like a rhino 
Intoxicating so you stagger like xicating so you stagger like a wino 
So punks stop trying a wino 
So punks stop trying and girl stop cryin' 
Vanillaand girl stop cryin' 
Vanilla Ice is sellin' and you peopl Ice is sellin' and you people are buyin' 
'Cause why the e are buyin' 
'Cause why the freaks are jockin' like Crazyfreaks are jockin' like Crazy Glue 
Movin' and groovin' tr Glue 
Movin' and groovin' trying to sing along 
All throuying to sing along 
All through the ghetto groovin' this hgh the ghetto groovin' this here song 
Now you're amazed bere song 
Now you're amazed by the VIP posse. 

Steppin' sy the VIP posse. 

Steppin' so hard like a German Nazi 
Sto hard like a German Nazi 
Startled by the bases hittin' gartled by the bases hittin' ground 
There's no trippin' onround 
There's no trippin' on mine, I'm just gettin' down  mine, I'm just gettin' down 
Sparkamatic, I'm hangin' tig
Sparkamatic, I'm hangin' tight like a fanatic 
You trappeht like a fanatic 
You trapped me once and I thought that d me once and I thought that 
You might have it 
So step d
You might have it 
So step down and lend me your ear 
'89own and lend me your ear 
'89 in my time! You, '90 is my y in my time! You, '90 is my year. 

You're weakenin' fast,ear. 

You're weakenin' fast, YO! and I can tell it 
Your  YO! and I can tell it 
Your body's gettin' hot, so, so I body's gettin' hot, so, so I can smell it 
So don't be madcan smell it 
So don't be mad and don't be sad 
'Cause the and don't be sad 
'Cause the lyrics belong to ICE, You ca lyrics belong to ICE, You can call me Dad 
You're pitchinn call me Dad 
You're pitchin' a fit, so step back and end' a fit, so step back and endure 
Let the witch doctor, Icure 
Let the witch doctor, Ice, do the dance to cure 
So ce, do the dance to cure 
So come up close and don't be squome up close and don't be square 
You wanna battle me -- Aare 
You wanna battle me -- Anytime, anywhere 

You thoughnytime, anywhere 

You thought that I was weak, Boy, you'rt that I was weak, Boy, you're dead wrong 
So come on, evee dead wrong 
So come on, everybody and sing this song 

Srybody and sing this song 

Say -- Play that funky music Say -- Play that funky music Say, go white boy, go white boay, go white boy, go white boy go 
play that funky music Gy go 
play that funky music Go white boy, go white boy, goo white boy, go white boy, go 
Lay down and boogie and pla 
Lay down and boogie and play that funky music till you dy that funky music till you die. 

Play that funky music Cie. 

Play that funky music Come on, Come on, let me hear ome on, Come on, let me hear 
Play that funky music white 
Play that funky music white boy you say it, say it 
Play boy you say it, say it 
Play that funky music A little louthat funky music A little louder now 
Play that funky musider now 
Play that funky music, white boy Come on, Come onc, white boy Come on, Come on, Come on 
Play that funky mu, Come on 
Play that funky music 
sic 

